Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Bloomage Entertainment & Contents and kth
A GHOST PICTURES PRODUCTION
IN ASSOCIATION WITH JUPITER FILM
WORLD SALES BY 9ERS ENTERTAINMENT
I’m fine, Mom.
No, I’m doing well.
“KANG HA-NEUL KIM SO-EUN”
Whether it’s a line from
a TV drama or a movie,
“HAN HYE-LIN PARK DOO-SIK”
does it matter right now?
It’s better than in the U.S.
The kids are nice to me.
“KIM JUNG-TAE”
I don’t see them these days.
I’m not scared when I see them.
Don’t worry. If it gets hard,
I’ll go live with uncle.
All right.
You, too, Mom.
Hello?!
Hello?
“WRITTEN BY LEE JONG-HO”
Hey! You’re such an asshole!
“DIRECTED BY OH IN-CHUN”
Guess who?
That hurts!
- You idiot!
- Cut it out.
You gonna hit me? I heard you see ghosts.
How could I see them?
Hey, you were famous in your last school.
As the bad luck guy who sees ghosts.
Is there any here?
In webcomics, there are always many ghosts
in the subway.
You think I’m talking shit?
Don’t... don’t believe them.
They’re all lies!
Shut it.
I know they’re lies, you fucker!
There’s no way you could see ghosts.
That’s enough.
It’s bad luck to be around this fucker.
Let’s go.
Fuck.
Going up.
Help me relieve my grudge!
MOURNING GRAVE
Detective PARK, it’s here.
The body’s right here!
Over here. This way. This way!
- It's here! The body’s here!
- Where? Where?
“NEPHEW IN-SU”
Yeah, this is your uncle.
What are you doing? Watching TV again?
What... what am I doing?
Well, I’m always studying.
You know that thing these days...
The Tripitaka Koreana into Latin...
I’m translating it now.
What’s wrong? Got something to say?
Uncle, I think I’ll go live with you.
What? Why?
What... what’s wrong?
Well... l feel a bit lonely and
it’d be great for the uncle and nephew
to live together.
Hey, KANG In-su!
If there are two people who see ghosts,
we’ll have more ghosts following us around.
Understand?
Honestly,
I don’t want to be with you, too, but...
they keep appearing everywhere I go.
It’s because they’ve heard
about how you grant them favors.
You have to totally ignore them!
I already notified the school
that I’m transferring.
Now, why would you decide
that on your own?
As lame as I may be,
I’m still your uncle. Your uncle!
Anyway, you’re living in my parents’ house.
Yeah, well... that’s true, but...
By any chance...
did you hear anything
about A-young’s family?
Who? A-young?
You mean, that incident
when you were in elementary school?
That was a long time ago.
How would I know anything about that now?
Uncle!
Nothing tagged along with you?
Come on in. It’s cold. Cold!
Come on in.
The whole place is covered with talismans.
But, does it really work?
They call it the placebo effect.
So cold.
Hey!
It’s great-grandfather.
He was a renowned exorcist.
Even with one look at his photo,
most ghosts would just...
Vanish?
Vanish? Don’t know. But, whatever.
We should hope so, right? Let’s sit.
But, are you still unable to go outside?
You know that I have agoraphobia.
But, Mom said it was after
you were possessed by a ghost
and went into a women’s bathhouse.
Who’s telling you such nonsense? Who?
If you’re going to talk like that,
go back to the U.S.
Besides, only old women were there.
I thought I wouldn’t see them in the U.S.
When I couldn’t communicate
with the ghosts,
it totally drove me crazy.
Does the necklace work well?
It’s your great-grandfather’s heirloom.
Yes.
I feel at ease to be back here.
“VIOLENCE FREE SAFE SCHOOL”
This is KANG In-su, the
new transfer student.
Don’t be mean. Be nice. OK?
Aren’t you going to reply?
Yes, ma’am!
- Let’s see. Where should you...
- Teacher, this seat’s free.
Right. There’s a seat for you.
Go sit down.
You all know that
the finals are in a few days, right?
Prepare for it well.
I’m Hyun-ji.
PARK Hyun-ji.
Do Seoul kids all have such soft hands?
You’re really cute.
What do you think about me?
- A palm print on the window?
- Yeah.
And, it was bloody red.
Totally surprised me during class.
That means there’s a lot of grudge.
Is that what happens with a lot of grudge?
I guess you haven’t really
met those really scary ghosts?
What should I do if it appears again?
What should you do?
You should totally ignore it, of course!
You should...
You draw really well.
She can’t see.
And the dog is her guide dog.
I guess you can see the dog, too.
Hey, transfer student!
What you doing there
squatting down like a girl?
Hey, you’re pretty good, huh?
But, where’s the mutt?
Wow, you want to be a painter?
Well, that’s all good and all,
but we got some business to take care of.
Are you strong enough?
Could you take a punch?
Why should I take a punch?
Ki-tae! You explain it to him.
It’s too much for me to tell him.
Why you playing dirty
by hitting on his girl?
What are you talking about?
What am I talking about?
Look how he's playing the innocent!
Fuck!
I’m talking about Hyun-jig.
I’m not interested in her.
Not interested?
You asshole!
You’re not interested? No?
No? Not interested? Fuck!
You’re not interested?
She’s the prettiest girl in our school!
Are you putting us down because you’re from
the big city?
Get out of my way! Fuck!
Wanna know what I hate the most?
Squabbling! You bastard!
Hey, KANG In-su!
Don’t you know who I am?
Yeolsung Elementary School.
Remember A-young?
KANG In-su!
- A-young keeps talking to you?
- The missing kid?
She says she can’t breathe underwater.
- You shouldn’t lie like that.
- If you keep lying...
It’s true! A-young’s right here!
Where did this water come from?
Can’t breathe. I can’t breathe.
I can’t breathe!
I can’t breathe!!
I don’t want ghost-ridden kid hanging
around Hyun-ji.
So, you better lie low and don’t make me
spread rumors about you.
“CHORONG”
Yeah, mom. Just got out.
Did you find Chorong?
Did you really lose him?
Whatever. Bye.
What the...
Fuck!
You bitches fucking scared me!
You act all stuck up but you’re such
a scaredy-cat.
Bullshit. When was I?
Then, why’d you get all jumpy like
a crazy bitch?
Don’t know...
Let’s go.
Where are you?!
Who the fuck are you? Come out!
Come on out!
- What?
- Na-ra...
That bitch is here!
Sae-hee is... Sae-hee!
What? Who’s there?
I can’t hear you. Speak up.
Hey, Sung-hee!
Hello? Hello?
Hey, Sung-hee. Say it again. Huh?
Hello?
Wait. Come over here.
Why? Why, Hae-chul?
Does this hurt? Or this? Or this?
- They all hurt...
- Oh, then...
- The second one hurts more...
- Get up. Get up.
I think Sung-hee’s ran away again.
She didn't get home yesterday.
- Again?
- Yeah.
How come she runs away like
she’s just going out for a walk?
Hae-chul!(Porn... porn!)
Hey, you mutt! Go fetch the ball!
Come on. Kick the ball right.
I know you can see me.
At the bus stop, the guide dog!
Are you gonna keep acting that way?
Wow. You’re totally ignoring me...
I won’t ask you to relieve any grudges.
Really?
How mean of you!
Do you think I’m talking
to you because I like you?
I’m bored and I’ve no other choice...
but to talk to you...
Did you go to this school?
I don’t know.
I can’t really remember...
whether I did or not.
Don’t even know my name.
Maybe it’s because I’m a ghost?
Just because I was nice to you,
you think we’re on the same level?
If you want to die,
just keep trying to walk all over me.
Why don’t you do something?
He’s getting beat up for no reason.
Hush! It’s the Mask!
Shit. That was embarrassing.
Well, no one’s around...
So dusty...
These two are a pair.
When the sword gets under the spell,
it’s set that this dagger gets under
the spell, too.
Why care so much
about what a ghost said to you?
But, she was right.
Oh, geez.
Whether a friend gets bullied or beat up,
they don’t care.
Me, neither...
Well, it wasn’t like that
when I was in school.
If a friend in my class got beat up,
I stepped in to help the friend.
I firmly handled such a
situation, as I recall.
That’s how I remember it.
You don’t believe me.
Yeah, you don’t have to believe me.
You really don’t.
Legs, do the split!
One, two
If I told the truth back then...
A-young’s perpetrator would’ve
been caught much earlier, for sure.
Anyway, it’s good that he did get caught.
And, you were also the victim, right?
Because of that,
you had to leave your hometown.
Who are you?
Yes! Moongchi has a scar on the front paw.
“MOONGCHI”
It also has a name tag
with ‘Moongchi’ written on it.
Is my Moongchi really here?
Yes, quietly sitting by your feet.
No, a bit more to the left!
Your girlfriend was here, too?
Can you... hear my voice?
Of course. I hear you very well.
Why? Should I not hear you?
No! You should. Of course.
If you don’t believe me, you don’t have to.
No! I believe you.
I want to believe.
So, A-young was the first
ghost you ever saw?
Yeah.
A-young... Iet's go home...
No! No! No!
She was in my class in elementary school.
One day, she was found dead.
A-young told me
- Why arena’t you saying anything?
- about the perpetrator.
- You said you knew, In-su.
- But, I lied.
In-su. In-su.
I’m not sure.
I thought it’d get better
if I just left here.
But, why did you come back?
It felt like... A-young was waiting for me.
Ex... Excuse me...
Who are you?
It’s not your fault.
You even helped find A-young.
Thanks for remembering and dropping by.
Over there...
A-young must've been waiting for you.
Now...
I feel a bit relieved.
Your hands...
Put them here.
That’s strange... My
hands really feel warm.
Really?
School life's good for you these days?
What?
Embarrassed to get hit by a girl?
Makes you mad?
Getting on your nerves?
Feeling angry and annoyed?
Better let that hand go
if you don’t want to die.
Stop it.
You dick! I told you to
let go of that hand!
Why are you butting in?
Because you’re bullying for no reason!
What a dork!
Let’s go.
Idiots.
Come on out. I know. So, come out.
“MURDER OF WOMAN
IN HER THIRTIES”
On the 23rd,
the crime scene inspection was held
with Ms. HWANG’s murder suspect,
Mr. PARK.
“MURDERED AND BURIED
AFTER 10 YEARS OF STALKING”
PARK is accused of killing
and secretly burying Ms. HWANG
after stalking her for 10 years.
The police concludes it
as an accidental crime of passion...
The mask...
and will wrap up the case.
People looking over the scene...
So noisy! Really!
How can I help you if
you don’t say anything?
Say something. Say it!
How could a ghost lack so much confidence?
That ghost... who could she be?
This one here is enough for me.
What kind of a grudge made her roam
the school in a mask?
- Are you gonna really keep...
- Sae-hee.
What Sae-hee?
Sae-hee? Who’s Sae-hee?
She's the Mask.
You know what her grudge is?
What’s her grudge? Her grudge!
- She’s...
- Yeah?
- Sae-hee.
- Damn.
Can’t you hear me?
I asked you what her grudge was.
- She’s...
- Yeah?
- the Mask.
- Geez!
You really can’t understand me?
Open up! Open your ear!
I can’t stand this.
Being a ghost, isn’t it time for you
to tell me by now?
I am fed up with your consistent style.
Why not have bangs or get it layered?
Use some hair treatment!
And, those cheap circle lenses!
Did you find it?
No, it’s not in there.
Shit...
Ta-da! What’s this?
I thought I’d die without this.
Was it in the teacher’s drawer?
Yeah, I did good, huh?
Wow, the classroom looks totally different
at this hour.
Hae-chul and Hyun-ji had sex.
Stop. Come here.
Why not?
What?
I gotta go to the bathroom.
Again?
Number 1 or 2?
Number... 2.
Hurry back. Or else, I’ll go after you.
Hurry back!
Hey, Ki-tae! Stop fooling around.
Really, stop it.
Can’t take a shit because of you.
Oh, no. Oh, no. Ki-tae.
Ki-tae.
Ki-tae. Ki-tae, where are you?
Where are you, Ki-tae?
Na-ra.
Ki-Tae?
Hyun-ji??
Sung-hee’s...
got a mask on like Sae-hee...
Na-ra, It’s me. Sae-hee...
Detective, they’re just runaways.
“A FRIEND’S TEAR”
First, Sung-hee. Now, Na-ra and Ki-tae.
It’s weird to see all of them
as simple runaways.
“SCHOOL VIOLENCE REPORT BOX”
- You guys don’t know anything?
- No, ma’am.
Hyun-ji??
Sung-hee’s got a mask on like Sae-hee...
What?
Do you know a girl named Sae-hee?
Sae-hee?
She committed suicide a while ago.
Suicide?
Do you have her photo in your phone?
Why do you want her photo for?
Just curious.
I...I don’t have it.
She was such a bitch.
So, I doubt anybody took a photo with her.
Look...
Does anybody have Sae-hee’s photo?
Nobody? Not even one person?
Wow! You’re really good.
Do it again. Again, again!
I’ll gather the stones for you.
Hold on.
UHAE JUNG: ITS SAE-HEE’S PHOTO.
DON’T ASK ME ANYTHING ELSE.”
That girl named Sae-hee...
do you know why she ended up like that?
Up until now,
nobody was curious about why Sae-hee died.
Do you know why?
It’s because they all
knew why Sae-hee died.
The reason why Sae-hee's ghost
roams the school in a mask is...
Bring it on! Bring it on! Fuck!
Get up.
- Stop it, now. Stop!
- Fuck, you wanna die?
Sae-hee...
You guys killed Sae-hee.
What’s this crazy asshole talking about?
Sae-hee'll punish all of you.
- You crazy dick!
- So?
What do you want from us?
Let people know what you did wrong and ask
for forgiveness.
What did we do so wrong?
- Fuck! She just killed herself!
- No!
You guys killed her. You
guys killed Sae-hee!
So fucked up.
Come on. Try again.
You guys killed her!
- l told you to shut up!
- That’s enough!
Don’t worry about what that ghost-kid said.
In-su might be right.
What?
Sung-hee, Na-ra, and Ki-tae...
Did they ever not call us this long?
Look at this.
These lips...
Don’t you remember?
At Sae-hee’s funeral,
he gave us the scary stare.
Sae-hee’s dad?
Before In-su talked about Sae-hee,
I didn’t know who it was.
Then, this is...
Where did you get this photo?
Hey, KANG In-su.
You skipped the self-study session?
Yeah...
This is... tangent 20 degrees?
Can’t calculate.
Anyway, In-su. In-su!
You can’t see, right?
See what?
The virgin ghost.
Yeah?
Look to the right. To the right.
Not there, right?
Up there, at the edge of the roof.
And, over there.
Not there, right?
Ever since your uncle
built this sturdy pyramid,
no evil spirits are hanging around.
Where are they? Where?
Come on, Uncle.
Oh, this? It’s...
What are you doing in front of my nephew?
No. Go away. Go away.
Don’t come over here.
Don’t!
You’re eating the talisman?
Your ghost friend was right.
The ghost was Sae-hee and
Sae-hee was the Mask.
Then, it’s a ghost with
multiple personalities.
Without a doubt, Sae-hee’s
dad did all this.
- To be safe, let’s bring In-su.
- Fuck!
I told you not to talk about him!
The personalities probably split right
before death.
Huh? What... how?
Multiple personality disorder occurs
when the original personality
can’t stand the pain and anger,
and hides behind a new personality.
The fact that it changed
its appearance by wearing a mask,
it must've been the decisive cause
for the split.
The revengeful ghost must be stopped
from doing evil things.
But, it won’t be so easy.
“HYUN-JI: KANG IN-SU.”
“WE’RE AT SAE-HEE’S HOUSE.
CAN YOU COME HERE?”
What are they thinking?
What do they think they can do over there?
- I have to go.
- Hey!
Going there won’t solve anything.
Then, what should I do?
Will you go instead?
How... how can I go there? Huh?
I need my exorcist kit
and I’m not mentally prepared...
I have to prepare myself.
Hey, wait!
Here. At least, take these.
You keep hiding out like that.
I can’t let anything bad happen to Sae-hee.
Hey!
Why is it so cold in here?
Open the door! Open the door!
Open the door!
Open the fucking door!
It’s open.
Did... did something come out?
Sae-hee...
Fuck!
Stay right here.
Fuck you!
Fuck!
Ghost or not, you better fucking come out!
I’m sorry, Sae-hee.
I’m sorry.
Sae-hee...
Nobody helped Sae-hee.
Hey, LEE Hye-jung!
I told you I only drink imported water.
Go and get it again!
Can’t you get it right?
I clearly warned you before.
Graduate without making trouble.
Look at this.
Someone reported you
on the School Violence Report Form.
Hitting you would only hurt my hand.
So, bring your parents in tomorrow.
I don’t live with my parents.
Are you messing with me?
How dare you look straight into my eyes!
My so-called dad shacked up
with another woman...
and my mom killed herself
after being depressed.
Just bring whoever you can. Got that?
Now, go!
“SCHOOL VIOLENCE REPORT FORM”
Keep a tight lookout!
Was it you? You?
You’re dead today! Come over here!
Hey! Mind your own business.
You crazy bitch.
Wanna die?
From today, Sae-hee is
the slave, not Hye-jung.
Grab her so I can confirm her as the slave!
Relax.
Stay still.
- More, more! Draw more!
- Oh, how pretty.
- Should I cut some more hair?
- Yeah.
- Cut some more?
- Yeah!
- This is fun!
Your mouth is the problem.
That’s right.
Stay still!
If you take the mask off,
you’re dead.
Eat this, too. Eat!
Let’s just report to the police.
Are you crazy?
Do you know how scary they are?
- Then, let’s consult your teacher.
- The teacher?
She gets annoyed and doesn’t care at all.
Other kids like it when I’m bullied.
It makes them feel safe.
Nobody’s ever taken my side!
What do you know, dad?
What do you know? What?
Wearing that mask everyday...
Is it some kind of a costume play?
Sit down. I’m confiscating it!
If you wear it again,
I’ll confiscate that, too!
I told you not to take the mask off!
Why bother to live?
Sae-hee...
UNARA(x)SUNG-HEE(x)HAECHUL(x)U
“Kl-TAE(x)HYUN-JI(x)HYEJUNGU
Uncle, I have to get to school!
The Mask has stirred things up!
You know Sae-hee's house?
Please get to Sae-hee’s house.
Only you can do the ritual
to help the ghost to cross over.
KANG Sun-il! It’s time to get out!
It’s not a curse to see ghosts!
That’s pretty.
Would small size fit me?
UTEACHER: THIS IS YOUR TEACHER.”
“IMMEDIATELY COME TO THE LIBRARY!”
Teacher wants us in the library.
What?
Yeah, you’re right.
Where’s the teacher?
Dunno. Just told us to be here.
- What’s wrong?
- We have to get out of here!
Hurry! Get out of here!
Why? What’s wrong?
The door’s not opening.
Over there...
Hey, don’t you smell gasoline?
What’s that?
Fuck!
Who’s that?
Sae... Sae... Sae-hee!
You ignored it all when you all knew
what was going on.
You guys are the same.
Sae-hee!
Don’t! We’re sorry!
Sae-hee. Can you hear me?
You’re not Sae-hee!
Sae-hee!
Everybody die!
Stop it now.
Did you forget about it already?
That fire pit of hell?
They didn’t do anything wrong.
Of course, they did!
You even said so!
That bystanders were worse
than Hyun-ji or Hae-chul.
Those who harrassed and mocked you.
Have you already forgotten about them?
Stop it. Stop. Stop.
Try to remember it.
Those horrible things they did to you.
You suffered because you’re that weak.
Get away!
I’m not weak any more.
Now, it’s your turn to suffer.
I’ll return all the pain
and fear that I went through.
How scared and hurt I was...
You should feel the same!
That’s enough!
The lighter!
Everybody spread out!
I hate you, Hye-jung,
even more than Hyun-ji or Hae-chul.
Heaven allows a spirit to enter into a man.
Land empowers the man to control nature.
Blustery winds help the man.
You ghost-possessed devil!
Get lost from our school!
What’s this? Huh?
Hey! Stop bullying In-su!
Sae-hee and In-su love each other.
Don’t let them hit you.
Next time, run away.
What’ll you do without me?
Sae-hee...
I’m sorry for not recognizing you earlier.
I was going to return the
notebook back then...
but I couldn’t because you transferred.
I know.
I remember everything.
No!
Now! In-su!
Bye, In-su.
Sae-hee...
Sae-hee, I’m sorry...
I’m sorry, Sae-hee.
“FIVE YEARS LATER”
Hey, uncle! Got any dry socks?
Oh, geez.
Let’s try it again slowly. Up here.
Wait. My teeth.
You should throw it right.
Try it again.
I’m off to work!
Yeah, bye.
- Look.
- Just marry the ghost already!
Make an arc. Like this.
Then, it’ll go in my mouth.
Try it again!
“VIOLENCE FREE SAFE SCHOOL”
This is the trainee teacher, KANG In-su.
He’ll be with us for one month.
A round of applause!
Quiet!
Mr. KANG is a graduate of our school.
So, you guys behave. All right?
- All right?
- Yes, sir.
I’ll be watching you.
Glad to meet you all.
I’ll be with you for one month...
That seat in the way back...
was it always empty?
The student transferred to Seoul.
Oh, transferred...
MOURNING GRAVE
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org